Two souls. One dwells deep inside a crimson tauted flesh. One lingers within an onyx glowing mind.
Nine seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 AM, I'm in front of the Heliquadrix private workshop. Next week is her birthday. I have seen her [colour] eyes brimming with [happiness and curiosity] when she looks at these gears. The owner is a friend. Ten years ago, his family's personal cruise was attacked somewhere west of Costa Rica. A marine vessel were able to rescue him and his sister, but sadly, not their beloved mother and father. I was there, doing my best to kept them from being shattered. After the tragedy, they went to live with their grandparents. The family runs the worldwide famous Heliquadrix watch brand, for over three centuries. All watches are handcrafted, by the family's members. 

5:00 AM, I am chewing down milk-softened cereal, organic, strawberry flavoured. My 5 years old boy is half sleeping, and my woman is yawning at him.
"Chew the food down, don't just keep them in your mouth!!"
"It's good for his digest system. Just let him be."
"He have been going around his mouth for an hour already," her eyes closed and her body crawling down like a heated cat. 

[ She wants the kid to swallow his food.  describe the house, the conversation with the wife, and etc. ]
 

4:00 PM, I'm placing the mainspring into the wheels. Their width are smaller than my nail's. [But a soldier need to etc... Full of hope, etc] [assembling something ot something].				I brought some diamond, four carats of twelve small pieces. || She came and brought us dinner and were hide from her. Also describe the workshop. Colour, all the tools and stuff.

5:00 PM, [working on the dark matter]  I'm working with "randomness". The programming process is just as simple as it could be. We have gathered ten years worth of database related to this particle. The logic have been made clear with all checkpoint. My partner is doing something. The lab is white. The something is something.

Eight seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 AM, [I'm getting ready. The watch face is inside a small box in my chest, I will hold on to it until the date. It will be a surprise for her. How generous of her, she had prepared me some lunch. I quickly grab the sandwich and the lunch box, and walk through the door. [Describe breifly the lunch box, where does it placed?]

5:00 AM, [working\\ thinking about the dark matter + breakfast. Wife chatting about her current case. She is going to won for sure He knew it. 6 yaers old son]

4:00 PM, I'm inside a vehicle, that thing that you trained before becoming an astronaut. I want to vomit so badly, but my stomach is wholly empty. Just right after I got the sandwich near my mouth, a bunch of white coats came, told me to follow them, and "You will have a big dinner tommorow Mr. etc", they said. "Yes sir," I replied. It's better be worth it you !

5:00 PM, I am inspecting watches. [go and look for one,know of Heliquadrix],  [explainning what the hell is dark matter, going  out to re-assure/re-read/ re-think of everything, summation, change the air ] I wanted to see her happy smile, then her [mature] smile. Both are beautiful, but the former is rarer than trapping a dark particle.

Seven seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 AM, [Injecting, Feel Sleepy]. [I'm inside a vessel. I'm wearing a hazmat suit. A yellow suit with many many silver spark. They said it was made out of nano particle. Three layer thick, with a black titan mask cover my face. Oxygen tube revealing my mouth outside of the suit. But they guaranteed, the LMD will not be able to penetrate my body. A soldier never back down to serve his country! A soldier etc... ]


5:00 AM, Again, eating breakfast. the Same, when the doc have an idea. [time dimension] THen head straight to the lab, and make it. 7 years old

4:00 PM, launched, in space. See monster (No gravity, the expendable bones, the monster)I am living, I am floating. I am looking around. My flesh still bursting. I bashed the wall. My punch left a hole. How come? I smack it several more, then I step outside of my capsule. And in front of my eye, I saw, Monsters.

5:00 PM, [the dark matter listened to him]

Six seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 PM, Killing monster as he saw the bomb. [describe th emonster, how it looks like human, how it growl, crawn, yeawn for help, like a human.] He's eating his food. Good.

5:00 AM, breakfast, again. the wife won her sixty case. [last night rumble and etc, son now 8 years old]

4:00 PM, Smacked at the bomb [describe the bomb, and then a flashing. Fist clenched. ]

5:00 PM, Buying the watch, greeted by the owner, an old woman. I'm inside a store. An old woman greeted me. She is the owner of the store. She shows me some clock. Then I asked who was the one made it. She said it was her brother. He passed away five years ago. I asked will there be any heir? She said yes. His brother's son is currently study aboard. The workshop will reopen once he return. She does not have a husband. And her brother was too busy to have a family. The watch here are respected worldwide. The reason for such price. 

 The clock is three months old. 

Five seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 PM, floating in space.

5:00 AM, 

4:00 PM, I'm going to the theater.

5:00 PM,  I'm inside the National Space Station (NSS). The landing was a success. No injury. I, Louis and Alan were greeted with the Administrator Department. They are strict people. "Safety is crucial", they say. We will have a tour around the station. 

Four seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 PM, 
5:00 AM, I am having breakfast, alone. None of the crew are used to wake up this early. I wonder what they are doing. Network is down for the time being. I better get going.

4:00 PM, I'm raising her sandwich near my mouth. I'm going to bite it. 

5:00 PM, The clock is three months old

Three seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 PM, I'm inside a narrowed vessel, wearing a hazmat suit. A yellow suit with many many silver spark. 
5:00 AM,

4:00 PM, I'm inside the watch workshop.
5:00 PM, 

Two seconds until the Great Impact

4:00 PM, I'm
5:00 AM, I am

4:00 PM, I'm inside the watch workshop.
5:00 PM,

One seconds until the Great Impact

4:00 PM, I'm...
5:00 AM, I am controlling "randomness"

4:00 PM, I'm...
5:00 PM, I am...

0:00:00, flowing...

Explosion. bursted the two creature. One falling at half the speed of sound to ward earth. One being pushed with the force equivalent to 72 tons of Atomic bomb. One slow, one fast. Both souls, awakened.