Flow, the boy scream as if all were lost. But indeed, all were lost for him. His father, his mother, his friends, and his younger sister,.... devoured, mercilessly, by the storm. He could see them, they are the black dot right below him. He was too scared to look down, and when he look up, he was strucked by the sight of his family's killer. And the boy faint, and faint, as the monster open its eye. Was it just now? Or did the monster dreamt? The salty liquid floating around its body, injected themselves deep inside the monster's bleeding flesh. The monster itched. It scratched its body like crazy, but the liquid keep on attacking the poor creature. "What am I?" the monster questioned itself, as it realized, the ability to think, to speak, was once something it used to do, as... "?", a human.

Stream after stream, laying there, a red monster. Floating. The salty water get to its bleeding flesh, awaken the monster from its slumber.

The red monster felt a sharp itch on its knee, not something that would kill the monster, but uncomfortable enough to not to ignore it. It looks down: another creature, looks just like it, is trying to crunch the monster's flesh. The creature's jar then, release the knee. It instantly cramped on the monster's red thigh. Like a dog with a born, the shark licks the iron taste of the monster flesh. Like a bone with a bloody taste.

The velvet face just got out of the pub. He got used to the liquor of this planet for so many years now, but when it come to it, the creature just cannot get enough. It love the sobby taste of liquor, more than the enhancing drug. It felt the liquor could cure anything, and that, liquor could make it felt so much stronger.

A bad afternoon for the velvet suit. He lost some support. He could never understand human, for he, is not one.

All he could think of, is the black matter. The dreadful material that have destroyed countless of planet he used to visit.

Dark matter, in brief, a matter that is opposite to the "matter" that we know. Think of it as a "negative" matter. If we place two matter, a dark matter, near a matter, like a char, or a rock, they will create something we would called "randomness". Yes, "randomness", a form of object, and none could predict what could be made out from such a random entity. Hence, the big bang's outcome, a collide of negativity and positivity that caused everything to goes boom and bang, and we are left with a word of non-randomness (Object we could observe) and randomness (We cannot see it, but we know it in concept and by practice). No one have shall the physical form of randomness, until those paper came by.


"Black Prodigy!" is what some thousand articles both online and offline are using as their title. "Who is this son of a bitch journalist?" is what people thought, and as they flipping the page looking for this racist son of a bitch last name, they would eventually flip through their though, and have themselves stumbled upon a name: Vincent Godfree Blackmore. What a name, and yes, his nick name is Black, even though the boy is a  white. How racist could this situation be? Then people got interested, and they read the rest of the racist article.

Vincent Blackmore, a child prodigy. The first human to ever trapped that dreadful particle at the age of fifteen. A past full of medal and fame. His first certificate was at the Intel ISEF science fair, where he introduced his fundamental concept of dark matter and introduced his research on the field. Scientist of the era all gazed at the boy, nobody would dare to say such a thing about the dark matter, whether if it really is the "Dark matter" that was rumbling about in the science world, but his research seems to all scientist as "liable". And yes, none of the scientist who read the paper would doubt the boy when he got his name next to the word "prodigy" on every single newspaper for that whole week. The article and the joke soon dies out as the boy return to his research. Eventually, he went to MIT at the age of 16, and graduated as the youngest student ever. Now he is Professor Vincent of the Particle Science Department. Got married and have a child when he turned 25, named the boy Vincent Whitman, hoping that he would not suffer from the racist joke.
"Black, how was the ...?" said the assistant.
"We finally made it, Louis. The particle has been programmed with our database. The particle that could cause 'gray swam'!"
"For real? This is the shape of a nano dark matter?"
"It devour the white matter, Louis. I don't know if it could transform by itself, but in my vision, we have experienced it with many test and wave form. We only need to train the thing more."
"You have done a good job, Black! We glad that you have helped us!"
"It's my honor to help the DPA. I hope you could emphasize the use of this discovery."
"Don't say such thing as a discovery Black! This is an invention! You have created something that god had never made!"
"I'm afraid I'm not to that level, I just discovered a rule for things to work. I did not create nothing."

"Eat your breakfast Gin! Chew the food down, don't just keep them in your mouth!!"
"Let him eat 'em slow honey, it's good for his digest system."
"He have been going around his mouth for an hour already!" the wife yawning at her husband, her eyes closed and her body crawling down like a heated cat. 
Regardless of her altitude, she is one helpless, but honest and intelligence woman. Just reached her thirty, a mature woman with a curve that any schoolboy must swallow their saliva, just fit the scientist's taste. A reward for his effort and work, they said. But if we dig on their love album then, it started inside a morning bar, with a woman who had to wake up early and worked till night, barely have time to taste her first time. Then come a youthful scientist who just happen to crashed on the morning beauty, both complain about their schedule. Yes, morning ritual with breakfast is how they established their family, and the night is for rabbit game and sleep. 

"A prototype? I thought we disposed of them all with that blast?"

"I also guaranteed that none of them could have escaped from the rocket. Every single subject were locked tight inside, and checked ten times before we launched the experiment. If this thing is really a prototype, then how could it.."

"Yes, I survived."

"?!!"

"I came from hell, to see you through. That freezing dark hell that even god shit!"

"This one is talking nonsense. I suspect he is a new test subject?"

"Negative. All testing has been carried and documented at once. No experience had been executed last decade."

"Maybe a mal-function?"

"All malfunction and alike should already been destroyed. We have no log of any soldier came out of maunafture with that red tone!"

"!!! Then this thing... this monster is?!!"

"Of all thing, the chance of surviving space vacuum is 1%, but if the enhancement was something we half-measuered, or there were something that made the test went out of scale, we cannot sure as all record are same and normal. But that is one positive answer with the highest chance.."

"This thing.. survive space, then descent here?... Even a satelite would burn itself out when it reached the surface!"

"This madness, ends now!"- the monster griev. He charged ahead. 

(fighting scene)

"You must have gone crazy by now! How? You still speak humAN?" - blocking the sword.

"The sea healed me, the ocean you know. The blue freezing liquid. I tasted them all, it jogged this brain of mine you know. I got reminded of so many words, so many things... that I once knew... I once used!" 

"This monster...!"

"I Have yOu Talk. nOW, you Are gOinG to DiE!"

"Activate super soldier gene!" the soldier sout to the rear end of the phone. Suddenly a key chain appeared on his wrist. He push his ring on the left hand to it and make a left twist. A surge of blue substance entered his system. His muscle suddenly grown massviely tight and hard. His thigh, his arm, his chest, now feel as one with the bone. They all enhanced with a density and thickness of a azure colour. The body now as hard as steel, and he ready with a chamilla stance: Both arm crossed with his leg stand wide, ready to reflect opponent's attack.

"ToO Late Boy!"

Blocked the sword, and make a quick jab at the monster's elbow and jaw.

"Still standing you fucker? This fist of mine punch through a fucking steel bar!"

"Nice mOve..." The red monster suddenly stop. Holding his pose, it prepared, a stance. 


"White Matter?"

"Did he call me?... I.. saw his.. jaw moving.. "jaw"?..."

"Are you White Matter?"

"What is this with my vision?... I could only see.. my body and... that guy.. and his daggers.. in white?.. And... it's so dark... like.. sketch. "Sketch"? Is that a word for this? My memories... they are stumbling each other... "stumbling"? I don't remember... "remember"?... but I am a human!... "Human"?...  Strange... "Strange"?"

The creature cannot speak. //End here could be good.

"What is that?... Picture? Is that a "picture"?... Something is on that? He want me to look at it?..."

The white creature take the tablet from the red monster.

"A man...? Who is he?... I'm.. confusing.. "Confusing"?... Hey... I think... "Think"?... Oh...  Is this... me?"

Shark meat...
The borne, crunchy? He asked himself... As.. the teeth.. Crunch it? No... The texture... soft? No, like the soft-borne. His teeth have no problem crunching through the white clash at all as he thouhg. His teeth.. harder than steel, crushed through the shark's borne. It looks so defaced now that none could see 

The monster finished the monster, then as he looks at the eyes... he remembered. The eyes of the monster, the shark... is still eyes of something that lived..'

"lived?"... 

His bone... he felt like his bornes could grow out of his flesh. Why such a thing... Could it be possible?

"What Is ThiS?.."

He felt a sharp pain on his arm. A bone? something sharp is growing on his flesh. It looks... like a tree branch, but... how could it grow.. so fast?.. THe man wonder... Then in a moment... the muscle... the mind... the eyes... focused on that thing... Fast.. His muscle... the tension... h  the 

Suddenly... A the thing grown. He stretched his muscle...

THe muscle tightened... Grown... fast.. suddenly..

Like a branch... like a stick... a blade?.. Something that gornw that fast... could only have a sharp and tiny head... sure it is...

But could the monster break something just grown from its flesh?.. ... with his left hand, the monster hold the sharp blade tight.. bended it... The pain... one clean sharp.. and disaper... 

A weapon?... The monster... with the stick in hand.. continue... to float.

The dark matter... absorbed on that suit... the man.. black?... or dark?... either.. same colour.. anyway... The joke...
The man... cannot resist such a... power.. He felt as if... he is going to break.. apart.

Two hour have passed... Why won't his programming work?... He had sure that.. the logic work. His theory.. how come? The matter just won't listen to his request, its... randomness... But his algorithm to trap the randomness... It should have work... And he should have the thing... But.. why?

"Something happen?"

"The particle Black! It's fucking gone!"

"Don't panic, check the security cam."

"What the hell? It's your invention and you act fucking calm Black?"

"It's no use panicking either."

"Hey, you know what we just lost? This organization paid for you and your family for that fucking thing Black! And now you are acting like it's nothing? What the fuck?"

"What's on the cam?"

"Fucking jacked. The footages were all replaced by an outside source!"

"The documents are still there right?"

"All were lost! Fuck, the least you could do when you got your shit is keeping it safe!"

"Oh sorry, but I believe my salaries were shared with those guards and those IT guys."

"The dark matter you gathered, how can we have them back? You brain should have some clues right?"

"I kept them all on the server. I never bring my work home Louis."

"Argh... yesterday I thought we are going to become millionaire Black! I thought I could eat on a whole fricking lobster!"

"The least we are gonna be is to be merged with Alan's team right? They were also on dark matter gathering."

"Oh yeah, maybe those guy stole our thing?"

"We don't have evidences, and their field are wholly difference from us Louis. I think you should shut up and note everything down when we can still remember it, report the incident, and let us merge or transfer to other department."

"Mother of god, Jesus Christ! I'm going crazy here Black! How could this happen to us?"

"Better work hard until the IT guys could chase the infiltrator. I've discovered something fun to my brain. Now let's go for the next thing."

Three months later, a space ship ready to launch. Project Alpha Dream Mining I (ADM-I), the goal is to set sail the next team of Space Station researcher, who will experiment on "Dark matter" in space and research their data. On board, FIN organization's Alan's team.

The man don his suit. A test. "Test?" No, he have prepared for it. The suit atracted a large amount of black dust surround him. He cannot tell which, but he knew that they should be not harmful to him. He tried to interact with the dust surround him. The result was magnificence. The randomness of the dark matter is now crafting itself into something non-random. The particle turned it self into both real and unreal form. The concept, is just like real and unreal number. The data, more of them gathered as he test the form of the particles. But then... Something unexpected happen. Without him knowing, the particles attached to his suit, and eventually, absorbed inside his armour, slowly, slowly. But as they found out the man has been infected by darkmatter, they locked the door. All were scared. Dark matter and object inside, if collider, would make the next big bang. They chased the amount inside the man, half his body is now running with a dark fog, not a bloody liquid no more. And the man, looks as if enjoying it. His friend tried to communicate with him, but he did not bother. 

"The world is not yet prepared." he whisper. His colleagues tried hard to guess what he was trying to say, but as they did so, they saw a white flare, the last thing this world let them see. A blast of gamma flare teared the space station apart, making a silent explosino in space. Everything, chaos. The flare clashed through every single cell in his body, the man in the white suit. The blast bursted from the suit itself, but it did not tear the suit. The dark matter has became one, with Black, and with the suit. The station's engine explode, blasted everything out from it. The force pushed a gigantic power toward a white body, and launched it toward the blue diamond. A fragment of the station? A meteor? Or A body? Astronomer gazed at the flame dot as it travel faster than a jet plane toward their planet. All were scared. "Appocalypse?"


-The Organization-

The blue sky have long been clouded by an unknown transparent floating plane. None could see it, and none know about it.

"Violet" is what they call him, the man in charge of the ship. They are one of those desperated researcher squad who traveled around the universe, in search for the dreadful material, "Dark Matter". They have witnessed many planets upon possessed the stone disapeared, like a dark hole, into nothingness. None could explain such phenomenon. One theory has been believed about the dark material among the researcher. 

It was rare to be discovered, and for a planet to have a chance to possess the technology to absorb the dark material, it must be mere randomness.

(Show, don't tell)

Upon hearing the planet full of createure called themself "human", the researcher quickly get to the scene, in hope to witness the scene. They won't intefere, they said. But Violet did not think so. He wanted to see the stone for himself. For his home was once been destroyed by such thing. He pursued everything he could, the technology, the power of his researcher, in order to boost the time frame of this planet. On the other hand, he moved its time down. By doing this, he hope, that no one in this planet would notice the presence of the stone, and that, he could witness how his home was destroyed.

4:00 PM, I'm inside a vessel. I'm wearing a hazmat suit. A yellow suit with many many silver spark. They said it was made out of nano particle. Three layer thick, with a black titan mask cover my face. Oxygen tube revealing my mouth outside of the suit. But they guaranteed, the gene will not penetrate my body. "What is gene?" I laughed. As if something like a "gene" would be able to penetrate me. As long as this wooden sword stay with me, nothing will ever gone wrong!

5:00 PM. I'm

4:00 AM. I am .They asked me if I was ready.

5:00 AM. I'm having breakfast with my five years old son and my wife. We had fun last night, and she is sweating. I wanted to hug her, but I did not. The boy is chewing his cerial slowly. And she just yawned at him, like a cat desperately wanting its child to be strong and brave. Her curve is still delishlosu how many time I looked at her. I blinked her a message. We will have another rabbit night, soon.

4:00 PM: I'm burning.

5:00 PM. I'm walking to the lab. "particle control department".

4:00 AM. (No gravity, the extendable bones, the monster)I am living, I am floating. I am looking around. My flesh still bursting. I bashed the wall. My punch left a hole. How come? I smack it several more, then I step outside of my capsule. And in front of my eye, I saw, Monsters.

5:00 AM. I'm having breakfast with my six years old and my wife. She won her sixtieth case yesterday. A celebration is what we all wanted, but will there be time for that? I don't know what to do, but she seems like doesn't care about that at all. "Your spirit is enough a reward for me," she said, on the bed, last night. But I don't want such a thing. She is a woman, my woman. 

4:00 PM. I am killing monsters. Smacked every single thing. I am looking at a bomb. I know it is a bomb. But it is not going to explode any time soon. I read the board: "Incomplete". My brain is working. "Incomplete?" When will it be complete? Then My brain sparked a theory. "Until the monster are dead." They wanted data. We are, after all, a test samples. Then I, with the stick in my hand, piere the clock.

5:00 PM. I'm going to a watch store. She love them. I wanted her to be happy. A genius need someone to take care of. (But then he got an urgent call. Someone triggered the timer for the missle.

4:00 PM. I am floating. The clock is floating, with me, in my palm. My arm shielded it. The blast blown the vessel inside out.  Lucky me. I am not alone. 

5:00 PM. I'm inside the National Space Station (NSS). The landing was a success. No injury. I, Louis and Alan were greeted with the Administrator Department. They are strict people. "Safety is crucial", they say. We had a little tour around the station today. Tomorrow, we will begin with the merging for our lab. 

4:00 PM. I am on a vessel. I'm wearing a hazmat suit. A yellow suit with many many silver spark. 
5:00 AM. I'm inside a store. I wanted to see her happy smile, then her slutty smile. Both are beautiful, but the former is rarer than trapping a dark particle.


4:00 PM. I am a soldier, serving my country. 
5:00 PM. I'm nothingness.

4:00PM. I am stepping inside a vessel. It looks like a capsule. It's pitch black here, I cannot see anything except for the dim light. I stand at the center of the capsule as they told me. Then there they are, In another room, the scientist appear. They told me to stay still.

5:00: Louis, my co-worker, is yelling at me. An intruder. The programmed black matter is lost. Security camera were jacked with old footages. Square one we off. 

5:00: Black Matter on Earth has become hard to "colect| Solidize | Solutionile". We have decided on a plan. A lab 250 miles above the sea. Space, the only environment that is full of Dark Matter.


5:00: 
Never seen him before.
"Our contract requested that you will amend yourself to our schedule, Dr. Black. We have assure you finance for your family for the next three generation. You should not void our contract just because you like it."

"You want me to go to space in this short notice kind of announcement? Is this legal?"

"Completely doctor, if you would go within the next 90 minutes," the man smirk.


4:00 PM, I am inside a watch store. She loved them.

4:00 AM, Training.

4:00 PM, I am opening the lunch box she prepared for me. I forgot to give her the watch, how shame of me as a man. etc etc

4:00 AM, I'm inside a small vehicle. It is moving very very fast around a center [something], connected with an arm. that thing you would saw astronaut trained with before the mission. I want to vomit so badly, but my stomach is wholly empty. Just right after I got the sandwich near my mouth, a bunch of white coats came, told me to follow them, and "You will have a big dinner tommorow Mr. etc", they said. "Yes sir," I replied. It's better be worth it you !

5:00 AM, I am having breakfast, alone. None of them are used to have dinner this early. I wonder what they are doing. Network is down for the time being. I better get going.

In her dying breath, Beta accomplished her mission. She infiltrated Alpha with White Matter's shard. "Controlled Randomness". He becomes what they expected, the Earth's Destroyer (Planet Destroyer), looks like gorilla + Jin devil + kajuma, with head looks like a cannon ready to burst a long lasting blast. Only 5 members of the Artificial Social S A S S I N.

Then as thye fired their missle at Alpha, Alpha stretch his arm toward them. Brawn said "Jump", then a cutscene event with button, then all of them jump and form a triangle, then they hold on Alpha's arm. Then as they battle the creature that running on Alpha's arm, RE jump up and tried to slash Alpha's head. But as he did, ALpha have his palm quickly behind RE, catched and thrown RE into the ground (Hard). After that, as Alpha tried to land a massive punch on RE, Black Matter came in a truck and transformed himself. He said he had a message.

From an outer space association. They sent him 5 rocket with full of "electric"/ "Spear-like bullet" that transmit data to them. If the bullet could be gum on Alpha, they could make his transformation stop, save this planet from those desperate scientist. This is actually Violet's plan in order to proceed with the final stage of the Planet Destroyer. Devoured itself, and the Planet.

As they knew they were tricked, BlackM told red to revenge his dad and absorb several building to create a shield around ALpha. The other 5 eventually joined inside BlackM to hold Alpha from explode. After the blow, BM and the other 5 were absorbed inside Alpha. The dark matter of BM protected the planet from being destroyed by a black hole Alpha would create. THe black hole devoured all and left behind the host creature, alpha. They disasembling his body and replace them with mechanic in order to prevent another transformation due to the bio meat.

The plot after this will involved red + alpha + white's wife.

Mogotrevo

Ethosien

Swoquix

Norrisology

Zestybus

Printure

Alpha is a clone based off Blackmore.
