Nine seconds until the Great Impact.

4:00 AM, I'm in front of Heliquadrix private workshop. Next week is her birthday. I have seen her azure eyes brimming with happiness and memories when she looks at these gears. The owner is a friend. Ten years ago, his family's personal cruise was attacked somewhere west of Costa Rica. A marine vessel were able to rescue him and his sister, but not his beloved mother and father. I was there, doing my best to kept the two of them from being shattered. After the tragedy, they went to live with their grandparents. Their family runs the worldwide trusted Heliquadrix watch brand, for over three centuries. All watches are handcrafted, by the family's members.

5:00 AM, I am having milk-softened cereal, organic, strawberry flavoured. My six years old boy is half asleep, and my woman is yawning at him.
"Chew the food down Laguna, don't just keep them in your mouth!"
"It's good for his digest system honey," I smile at her.
"He is having the same spoon for five minutes already," she closed her eyes, and her body crawling down like a heated cat.
"He will grown to be a slowly..." chew the cereal  "... but surely man then," gulp the milk. The bland milk has been flavoured with the strawberry cereal.
"I sure hope he is not going to eat and talk like you," her [coloured] lips touched the cup - a birthday gift I gave her five years ago.
Regardless of her morning altitude, she is one honest, helpless, but intelligence woman. Just reached her thirty, a mature woman with curves that even the golden ratio would swallow its saliva. A reward for my efforts and work, they said. But if you would look at the album laying somewhere near the [using this chance to describe the house]then, it started inside a morning bar, with a woman who had to wake up early and worked till night, barely have time to taste her first time. Then come a youthful scientist who just happen to crashed on the morning beauty, both complain about their schedule. Yes, morning ritual with breakfast is how they established their family, and the night is for rabbit game and sleep. 


4:00 PM, I'm trying to locate the mainspring's position. Its width is smaller than my nail's width. The owner is pointing his finger near the biggest wheel, the "". Today he is not the owner of Heliquadrix. Today he is my teacher. I had asked him thrice last month whether if he would teach me the art of watch craftsmanship. He knew who my target is, and he knew the target well. The Weekend is his condition, for that is when the workshop is really private. It is three hundred years old, the room is full of oil smell and iron. Not much different from blood aroma, except the gore. 
	[Dialog between the two here. And some instruction. Then they notied they missed something, they got to finish the watch's mechanic and face. Only the handle is short some gears]

5:00 PM, I'm trying to locate the core of the black particle. The "randomness" attribute of this material make them hard to distinguish which is which. 

Eight seconds until the Great Impact.

4:00 AM, 

5:00 AM, I am slurping eggnogs from the sunny side up she made. Look at it, what do I see? A randomized fluid with etc... (flavour, colour, texture, ) . I dropped it, and she is laughing at my clumsiness. My six years old boy is hanging his nuttelia spreaded toast over his mouth. He loves his mother's sunny side up.

4:00 PM, I'm inside a small vehicle. It is moving very very fast around a center [something], connected with an arm. that thing you would saw astronaut trained with before the mission. I want to vomit so badly, but my stomach is wholly empty. Just right after I got the sandwich near my mouth, a bunch of white coats came, told me to follow them, and "You will have a big dinner tommorow Mr. etc", they said. "Yes sir," I replied. 

5:00 PM,

Seven seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 AM, [Injecting, Feel Sleepy]. [I'm inside a vessel. I'm wearing a hazmat suit. A yellow suit with many many silver spark. They said it was made out of nano particle. Three layer thick, with a black titan mask cover my face. Oxygen tube revealing my mouth outside of the suit. But they guaranteed, the LMD will not be able to penetrate my body. A soldier never back down to serve his country! A soldier etc... ]


5:00 AM, Again, eating breakfast. the Same, when the doc have an idea. [time dimension] THen head straight to the lab, and make it. 7 years old

4:00 PM, launched, in space. See monster (No gravity, the expendable bones, the monster)I am living, I am floating. I am looking around. My flesh still bursting. I bashed the wall. My punch left a hole. How come? I smack it several more, then I step outside of my capsule. And in front of my eye, I saw, Monsters.

5:00 PM, [the dark matter listened to him]

Six seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 PM, Killing monster as he saw the bomb. [describe th emonster, how it looks like human, how it growl, crawn, yeawn for help, like a human.] He's eating his food. Good.

5:00 AM, breakfast, again. the wife won her sixty case. [last night rumble and etc, son now 8 years old]

4:00 PM, Smacked at the bomb [describe the bomb, and then a flashing. Fist clenched. ]

5:00 PM, Buying the watch, greeted by the owner, an old woman. I'm inside a store. An old woman greeted me. She is the owner of the store. She shows me some clock. Then I asked who was the one made it. She said it was her brother. He passed away five years ago. I asked will there be any heir? She said yes. His brother's son is currently study aboard. The workshop will reopen once he return. She does not have a husband. And her brother was too busy to have a family. The watch here are respected worldwide. The reason for such price. 

 The clock is three months old. 

Five seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 PM, floating in space.

5:00 AM, I am preparing for the mission. "Take care of mother for me will you?" I said, to my boy, on the phone.

4:00 PM, I'm going to the theater.

5:00 PM,  I'm inside the National Space Station (NSS). The landing was a success. No injury. I, Louis and Alan were greeted with the Administrator Department. They are strict people. "Safety is crucial", they say. We will have a tour around the station. 

Four seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 PM, 
5:00 AM, I am having breakfast, alone. None of the crew are used to wake up this early. I wonder what they are doing. Network is down for the time being. I better get going.

4:00 PM, I'm raising her sandwich near my mouth. I'm going to bite it. 

5:00 PM, The clock is three months old

Three seconds until the Great Impact. 

4:00 PM, I'm inside a narrowed vessel, wearing a hazmat suit. A yellow suit with many many silver spark. 
5:00 AM,

4:00 PM, I'm inside the watch workshop.
5:00 PM, 

Two seconds until the Great Impact

4:00 PM, I'm
5:00 AM, I am

4:00 PM, I'm inside the watch workshop.
5:00 PM,

One seconds until the Great Impact

4:00 PM, I'm...
5:00 AM, I am controlling "randomness"

4:00 PM, I'm...
5:00 PM, I am...

0:00:00, nothingness.

Explosion. bursted the two creature. One falling at half the speed of sound to ward earth. One being pushed with the force equivalent to 72 tons of Atomic bomb. One slow, one fast. Their souls, awaken.


















